##### **Task 1:**
The problem that the software will be solving is avoiding any confusion while managing air traffic by massively reducing the chances of Air Traffic Controllers making mistakes, such as instructing a plane to land when it is already present at the airport or to take off when it is not present. This will benefit the client massively, as the enhanced management of air traffic will mean organisation is better therefore delays at the airport will be less likely to occur, hence less annoyed travellers and crowding at the airport. This improvement will lead to a less stressful environment for other workers at the airport, allowing them to do their job under less unnecessary pressure and therefore to a higher standard. For example, if Air Traffic Controllers are managing planes better and therefore more flights land and depart on time, there is less pressure and stress on the baggage handlers as the planes are there when they need them to be in order to load and unload the luggage efficiently. If planes are delayed, timings and schedules become less effective, structure is lost and workers now have a more stressful job. If workers' jobs are less stressful, their performance will probably improve and the retention rate for the client is likely to increase as there is less reason for employees to leave.

One risk associated with the software is that if it fails due to technical issues or wrong user input, it could misguide the user and lead to them instructing planes incorrectly. This is dangerous as it could cause accidents which may be fatal in this context. However, we have designed the software to be as simple as possible to make it easy to use. Furthermore, we have added check features and tested them, such as not being able to instruct a plane to land if the airport is full. However, things such as the capacity must be set by the user and therefore that relies on correct input from them. 

In conclusion, this software will improve the efficiency and standard of Air Traffic Control, which will massively benefit both the workers of the client's organisation as well as their own clients - the travellers using the airport. As long as the users of the software are sufficiently trained to use it, the risks associated are very low.